hey guys how's it going Sam here with
custom PC review.com
back here again with another video
unboxing and it's been a while since my
last video in boxing so we're gonna do
something easy and something I'm
actually kind of cool today so what this
is is the TT eSports Hyperion headphone
cradle so basically it's just a
headphone stand so very simple product
but you know for most of us we all have
gaming headphones that we just kind of
like throw on the desk and it doesn't
look that nice when we do that so you
know it's much cooler when you have it
on a stand and this is actually
something I saw over at CES earlier this
year and guess they're coming out with
it now I think it's coming out right now
about nineteen twenty dollars or so so
it's not too bad over here we can take a
look at the looks like here's the
install process I mean it's fairly easy
a couple Clips here and clips down here
into the base and you can see
do-it-yourself design secure easy to
install holds in in gaming headset or
headphones and protects your gaming gear
from spills wear and tear dirt and other
damage so a bunch of different languages
let's open it up let's take a look at
what's inside this should be pretty
quick and just go from there I should
probably get a pair of headphones to
actually test this thing out because it
seems like it should have that seems
like I should be testing it with a pair
of headphones here so looks like we get
the base here a couple clips these two
arms here and also some documentation
which is just a warranty policy and the
installation should be pretty obvious so
I'm gonna see if I could do it on video
right here if not we will pause the
video and do it
there so she goes in there just like
that and I'm gonna have to probably
follow this video because taking these
out it's probably gonna be pain so give
me a sec guys all right guys so went
ahead assembled the headphone stand got
the clips out of the packaging which was
a little difficult but overall I mean it
this is a really simple stand plastic
which you know it's not gonna be the
highest quality stand but for 20 bucks
you know I'm not gonna be expecting like
a fully metal you know aluminum design
or anything like that but basically I
mean this plugs into here these arms
plug into the base and then the three
clips to kind of just clip on to the two
arms and that kind of makes it pretty
sturdy fairly sturdy so not too bad
otherwise you got the general take logo
or TT sports logo down here and it's got
the TT sports colors of red and black up
here we've got a little foam piece that
you can actually pull off but it's kind
of like a foam foam rubbery more like a
rubber I guess like a rubber piece up
here that protects you know your
headphones so they're it's not going to
get damaged up here either so I got a B
console one headset right here now I'm
going to show you guys what it looks
like once you got it installed and this
is pretty much it so definitely looks
pretty good you know especially we have
like a gaming headset that that's got a
lot of color to it or anything like that
will look pretty good but for 20 bucks I
mean not too bad you got headphones that
are you know pretty much just laying
down like that might as well put one of
these on your desk and then have it sit
up here right so that is pretty much all
I've got for you guys thanks for
checking out the unboxing of the TG
Sports Hyperion headphone cradle if you
guys enjoy these videos go ahead
and like our facebook page at
facebook.com slash custom PC review and
go ahead and also follow us on twitter
at twitter.com/zeromd do
you